Aucs
----

Aucs is a [Chinese auction](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_auction) website based on CodeIgniter. 

Dependencies:
---
Aucs uses CodeIgniter 3.0 RC2, PHP 5.5, MySQL 5.5.3. 

I used [MAMP (download link)](http://www.mamp.info/en/) Version 3.0.7.3 (3.0.7.3) to get this up and running locally.

I downloaded MAMP and pointed it at the folder containing this repo. Then I started building. 

Setting up the database:
---
There's [a sql file](./sql/aucs-database.sql) in the sql folder that contains all the necessary code to bootstrap the database. 

High Level/User Facing Features:
----
- [ ] Users can register.
- [√] Users can log in.
- [ ] Users can pay for ticket packages. (Via Stripe.)
- [ ] Users can choose which prize packages to put in for.

- [ ] Organizers and users can log in.
- [ ] Organizers can add prize packages.
- [ ] Organizers can add prizes to packages.
- [ ] Organizers can add ticket packages.

Implementation Details:
---
- [ ] The menu needs to change depending on login state and permissions.
- [ ] SSL protection.
- [ ] Lots of prettying up. The style is loosely based on [the print/pdf auction booklet. (link here)](./auction_booklet.pdf)


What I've done so far:
---
I've stubbed all of the model classes, built the database, and started working on some of the views and controllers.

About API Keys & Passwords:
---
So this is a semi-public repository, which means that I obviously shouldn't be throwing private keys in here. I'm using default passwords on my local database, and will be changing all of that before deployment.

What's this for anyway?
---
In a word, charity. Happy to share details privately.

License:
---
CodeIgniter is under MIT. 